## An Analysis of Climate Change Sentiment & Extreme Weather Events in the U.S.
### Overview
Climate change remains an important environmental issue in recent times, however sentiment on climate change, the extent of concern or belief in its occurence, may not reflect this. To gauge this, we set out to investigate patterns between the occurence of climate change effects and opinions across the U.S. from the years 2018 to 2023. As a measure of climate change, we use the frequency of extreme weather events recorded across states as a proxy. From previous work we know that more recently the frequency of extreme weather events has been increasing, with thunderstorms being the most common weather event. We use data from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) to define the types of weather events and their occurence along with information on casualties. To measure climate opinon across the country we use a dataset from Yale containing questions on beliefs, risk perceptions, policy support, who should act, and behaviors from which we use the percentange of respondants in agreement recorded over states. By using the results of this conducted study by Yale, climate opinions may provide insight to the extent of effect of climate change on adult experiences.

To evaluate our hypothesized belief that there exist a relationship between responses and frequency of experienced weather events, we carry out exploratory data analysis of the datasets. Through our exploration, we learned that, in accordance to background research, thunderstorm winds is the most common type of extreme weather event across states and that the states with largest percent increase of extreme weather events' occurence includes Alaska, Nevada, and Texas. In analyzing individual trends in climate opinion we learn that the question on climate change affecting the weather has a high percentage of agreement, yet it also has a distribution of responses with variance larger than most of the other questions. This might imply large variance across different regions of the United States. To further evaluate an existence of a relation between our two variables of interest we fit a linear regression model predicting percentage of support for each climate opinion question of interest. The results from these models show that in general, there is no significant correlation between number of events in a state and climate opinion. This was further supported in carrieed out hypothesis testing which resulted in insufficient evidence in favor of this relationship. However, after further testing with ANOVA it is seen that additional variables of state and year do contribute to the prediction of climate opinion using frequency of extreme weather events. Hence, through multiple methods of analysis and statistical inference, we reach the conclusion that there is not enough evidence to prove that there does exist a relationship between climate opinion and extreme weather events, but geographical location like states may perhaps play a role in the frequency of weather events and climate opinion respectively if further studied.
